README.md, before:

TES3MP
======

Copyright (c) 2008-2015, OpenMW Team  
Copyright (c) 2016-2018, TES3MP Team

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/TES3MP/openmw-tes3mp.svg?branch=0.7.0)](https://travis-ci.org/TES3MP/openmw-tes3mp)

TES3MP is a project adding multiplayer functionality to [OpenMW](https://github.com/OpenMW/openmw), an open-source game engine that supports playing "The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind" by Bethesda Softworks.

* TES3MP version: 0.7.0-alpha
* OpenMW version: 0.44.0
* License: GPLv3 (see [LICENSE](https://github.com/TES3MP/openmw-tes3mp/blob/master/LICENSE) for more information)

Font Licenses:
* DejaVuLGCSansMono.ttf: custom (see [files/mygui/DejaVu Font License.txt](https://github.com/TES3MP/openmw-tes3mp/blob/master/files/mygui/DejaVu%20Font%20License.txt) for more information)

Project Status
--------------

[Version changelog](https://github.com/TES3MP/openmw-tes3mp/blob/master/tes3mp-changelog.md)

As of version 0.7.0, TES3MP is fully playable, providing very extensive player, NPC, world and quest synchronization, as well as state saving and loading, all of which are highly customizable via [serverside Lua scripts](https://github.com/TES3MP/CoreScripts).

Remaining gameplay problems mostly relate to AI and the synchronization of clientside script variables.

Contributing
--------------

Development has been relatively fast, but any contribution regarding [code](https://github.com/TES3MP/openmw-tes3mp/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md), documentation, bug hunting or video showcases is greatly appreciated.

Test sessions are often advertised on [our Discord server](https://discord.gg/ECJk293) or in [our Steam group](https://steamcommunity.com/groups/mwmulti).

Feel free to contact the [team members](https://github.com/TES3MP/openmw-tes3mp/blob/master/tes3mp-credits.md) for any questions you might have.

Getting Started
---------------

* [Quickstart guide](https://github.com/TES3MP/openmw-tes3mp/wiki/Quickstart-guide)
* [Steam group](https://steamcommunity.com/groups/mwmulti) and its [detailed FAQ](https://steamcommunity.com/groups/mwmulti/discussions/1/353916184342480541/)
* [TES3MP section on OpenMW forums](https://forum.openmw.org/viewforum.php?f=45)
* [Subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/tes3mp)
* [Known issues and bug reports](https://github.com/TES3MP/openmw-tes3mp/issues)

Donations
---------------

You can benefit the project by contributing to the Patreon pages of our two developers, [David Cernat](https://www.patreon.com/davidcernat) and [Koncord](https://www.patreon.com/Koncord), as well as by supporting [OpenMW](https://openmw.org).

Commit message:

[Documentation] Update readme and credits
According to some legal advice I've received, the "TES3MP Team" is too ambiguous of a legal entity, so – with Koncord's agreement – the copyright is now assigned specifically to us, the project's developers.

README.md, after:

TES3MP
======

Copyright (c) 2008-2015, OpenMW Team  
Copyright (c) 2016-2019, Stanislav Zhukov & David Cernat

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/TES3MP/openmw-tes3mp.svg?branch=0.7.0)](https://travis-ci.org/TES3MP/openmw-tes3mp)

TES3MP is a project adding multiplayer functionality to [OpenMW](https://github.com/OpenMW/openmw), an open-source game engine that supports playing "The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind" by Bethesda Softworks.

* TES3MP version: 0.7.0-alpha
* OpenMW version: 0.44.0
* License: GPLv3 (see [LICENSE](https://github.com/TES3MP/openmw-tes3mp/blob/master/LICENSE) for more information)

Font Licenses:
* DejaVuLGCSansMono.ttf: custom (see [files/mygui/DejaVu Font License.txt](https://github.com/TES3MP/openmw-tes3mp/blob/master/files/mygui/DejaVu%20Font%20License.txt) for more information)

Project status
--------------

[Version changelog](https://github.com/TES3MP/openmw-tes3mp/blob/master/tes3mp-changelog.md)

As of version 0.7.0, TES3MP is fully playable, providing very extensive player, NPC, world and quest synchronization, as well as state saving and loading, all of which are highly customizable via [serverside Lua scripts](https://github.com/TES3MP/CoreScripts).

Remaining gameplay problems mostly relate to AI and the synchronization of clientside script variables.

Donations
---------------

You can benefit the project by donating on Patreon to our two developers, [David Cernat](https://www.patreon.com/davidcernat) and [Koncord](https://www.patreon.com/Koncord), as well as by supporting [OpenMW](https://openmw.org).

Contributing
---------------

Helping us with documentation, bug hunting and video showcases is always greatly appreciated.

For code contributions, it's best to start out with modestly sized fixes and features and work your way up. There are so many different possible implementations of more major features – many of which would cause undesirable code or vision conflicts with OpenMW – that those should be talked over in advance with the existing developers before effort is spent on them.

Feel free to contact the [team members](https://github.com/TES3MP/openmw-tes3mp/blob/master/tes3mp-credits.md) for any questions you might have.

Getting started
---------------

* [Quickstart guide](https://github.com/TES3MP/openmw-tes3mp/wiki/Quickstart-guide)
* [Steam group](https://steamcommunity.com/groups/mwmulti) and its [detailed FAQ](https://steamcommunity.com/groups/mwmulti/discussions/1/353916184342480541/)
* [TES3MP section on OpenMW forums](https://forum.openmw.org/viewforum.php?f=45)
* [Discord server](https://discord.gg/ECJk293)
* [Subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/tes3mp)
* [Known issues and bug reports](https://github.com/TES3MP/openmw-tes3mp/issues)
